Update Stemming.md (#3669)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/docs/reference/Stemming.md

    Stemming support
---

# Stemming and Multi-language Support

> RediSearch supports stemming - that is adding the base form of a word to the index. This allows the query for "`going`" to also return results for "`go`" and "`gone`", for example.

Reviewer: I suggest to change the example, because the [snowball demo](https://snowballstem.org/demo.html), does not detect that ``gone`` steams from ``go``. Maybe because it's an irregular verb. With a regular verb (``hire, hiring, hired``), or common endings (``relate, relational, related``) it works well

Author: ```suggestion
RediSearch supports stemming - that is adding the base form of a word to the index. This allows the query for "`hiring`" to also return results for "`hire`" and "`hired`", for example.
```

The current stemming support is based on the Snowball stemmer library, which supports most European languages, as well as Arabic and other. See the "[Supported languages](#supported-languages)" section below. We hope to include more languages soon (if you need a specific language support, please open an issue).

> For further details see the [Snowball Stemmer website](http://snowballstem.org/).

Reviewer: the Snowball website now support https

## How it works?

> Stemming maps different forms of the same word to a common root - "stem" - for example, the English stemmer maps *studied* ,*studies* and *study* to *stud* . So a searching for *studied* would also find documents which only have the other forms.

Reviewer: According to Snowball demo, the common root is `studi`

In order to define which language the Stemmer should apply when building the index, you need to specify the `LANGUAGE` parameter for the entire index or for the specific field. For more details check the [FT.CREATE](/docs/commands/ft.create.md) syntax.

**Create a index with language definition**

Create a index for words in German "`wort:`" with a single `TEXT` field "`wort`"

{{< highlight bash >}}
redis> FT.CREATE idx:german ON HASH PREFIX 1 "wort:" LANGUAGE GERMAN SCHEMA wort TEXT
{{< / highlight >}}

**Adding words**

> Adding some words with same stem in German: `stück stücke stuck stucke` => `stuck`

Reviewer: What if we add a note to clarify that ``Stücke`` is the plural form of ``Stück``?

Author: ```suggestion
Adding some words with same stem in German, all variations of the word `stück` ( `piece` in english): `stück stücke stuck stucke` => `stuck`
```
